hello everyone this is
mk today we watch mission impossible 4
ghost protocol on assignment in budapest
to intercept a courier working for a
person of interest
codenamed cobalt imf agent trevor
hanaway is killed by an assassin named
moro
hanaway's team leader jane carter and
newly promoted field agent benji dunn
extract ethan hunt and ethan source
bogdan from a moscow prison
ethan is recruited to lead carter and
benji to infiltrate the secret moscow
kremlin archives
and locate files identifying cobalt
halfways through the mission someone
broadcasts across the imf frequency
alerting the russians to ethan's team
although ethan
benji and jane escape a bomb destroys
the kremlin
and russian agent cydorf accuses ethan
of masterminding the attack
the imf extracts ethan from moscow
the russians have called the attack an
undeclared act of war and the u.s
president
activates ghost protocol a black
operation contingency that disavows the
entire imf
ethan and team are to take the blame for
the attack
but will be allowed to escape from
government custody so that they may
operate to track down cobalt
before ethan can escape the imf
secretary is killed by russian security
forces led by cydorov
leaving ethan and intelligence analyst
william brandt to find their own way out
the team identifies cobalt as kurt
hendricks
a swedish-born russian nuclear
strategist who believes the weak must
die for the strong to survive and so
plans to start a nuclear war to start
the next stage of human evolution
hendricks bombed the kremlin and
acquired a russian nuclear launch
control device
and now needs its codes from the
budapest courier in order to launch a
nuclear missile at america
the exchange between moro and hendrix's
right-hand man
wistrom is due to take place at the burj
khalifa in dubai
there ethan's team members separately
convince moro and wistrom that they have
made the exchange with one another
however moro identifies brandt as an
agent
while ethan chases wistrom only to
realize whistrom is actually hendricks
wearing his mask
while hendricks escapes with the codes
jane managed to detain moro
moreau attempts to kill the
inexperienced benji and jane throws her
out a window to her death
brandt accuses jane of compromising the
mission for revenge against moro
but ethan accuses brant of keeping
secrets from them
as he has displayed fighting skills
atypical of an analyst
and ethan also blames him for forgot to
subscribe the channel movie 10 minutes
while ethan seeks more information from
bogdan
brandt admits he was assigned as
security detail to ethan and his wife
julia while on assignment
julia was killed by a serbian hit squad
prompting ethan to pursue and kill them
before he was caught by the russians and
sent to prison
bogdan and his arms dealer cousin inform
ethan that hendrix will be in mumbai
hendricks facilitated the sale of a
defunct soviet military satellite to
indian telecommunications entrepreneur
briyanath which could be used to
transmit the order to fire a nuclear
weapon
while brandt and benji infiltrate the
server room to take the satellite
offline
jane gets brahinath to reveal the
satellite override code
but hendrix has anticipated ethan's plan
and takes nath servers offline before
sending a signal from a television
broadcasting tower
to a russian nuclear submarine in the
pacific
the submarine fires on san francisco
ethan pursues hendricks and the launch
device while the other team members
attempt to bring the broadcast station
back online
ethan and hendricks fight over the
launch control device before hendricks
jumps to his death with it to ensure the
launch
benji kills wistrom allowing brandt to
restore power to the station and
enabling ethan to deactivate the missile
he is confronted by cydorov who sees
ethan has stopped the missile
proving the imf is innocent in the
kremlin bombing
the team reconvenes weeks later ethan
issues them new assignments
brandt refuses to accept the mission but
ethan reveals that julia's death was
staged
as he knew he could not protect her and
used her death as a pretext to
infiltrate a russian prison and get
close to bogdan
an imf source on hendrix relieved of his
guilt
brandt accepts his mission while ethan
watches julia from afar
they share a smile before he goes off on
his next mission
thank you for watching please subscribe
for more movie updates
[Music]
you